[Docs] Index patterns REST API docs (#100549)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/index-patterns/create.asciidoc

[[index-patterns-api-create]]
=== Create index pattern API
++++
<titleabbrev>Create index pattern</titleabbrev>
++++

> experimental[] Create {kib} index pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimental[] Create {kib} index patterns.
```

[[index-patterns-api-create-request]]
==== Request

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/index_patterns/index_pattern`

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/s/<space_id>/api/index_patterns/index_pattern`

[[index-patterns-api-create-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`space_id`::
  (Optional, string) An identifier for the space. If `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.

[[index-patterns-api-create-body-params]]
==== Request body

> `override`:: (Optional, boolean) If should override an existing index pattern if an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`override`:: (Optional, boolean) Overrides an existing index pattern if an
```

> index pattern with the provided title already exists. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index pattern with the provided title already exists. The default is `false`.
```

> `refresh_fields`:: (Optional, boolean) If to reload index pattern fields after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`refresh_fields`:: (Optional, boolean) Reloads the index pattern fields after
```

> the index pattern is stored. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the index pattern is stored. The default is `false`.
```

> `index_pattern`:: (Required, object) Index pattern spec object. All fields are optional. See example request below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index_pattern`:: (Required, object) The Index pattern object. All fields are optional.
```

[[index-patterns-api-create-request-codes]]
==== Response code

`200`::
    Indicates a successful call.

[[index-patterns-api-create-example]]
==== Examples

Create an index pattern with a custom title:

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------
$ curl -X POST api/index_patterns/index_pattern
{
  "index_pattern": {
     "title": "hello"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

> Customize creation behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize the creation behavior:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------
$ curl -X POST api/index_patterns/index_pattern
{
  "override": false,
  "refresh_fields": true,
  "index_pattern": {
     "title": "hello"
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

> At creation all index pattern fields are optional, and you can provide them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At creation, all index pattern fields are optional:
```

[source,sh]
--------------------------------------------------
$ curl -X POST api/index_patterns/index_pattern
{
  "index_pattern": {
      "id": "...",
      "version": "...",
      "title": "...",
      "type": "...",
      "timeFieldName": "...",
      "sourceFilters": [],
      "fields": {},
      "typeMeta": {},
      "fieldFormats": {},
      "fieldAttrs": {},
      "allowNoIndex": "..."
    }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// KIBANA

> The API returns created index pattern object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API returns the index pattern object:
```
